The Joe Rogan experience. Girl was filming him 17 year old girl,
filming him with her camera. 17 year old girl got the George Fuller video. Yeah.
There's a lot of people out there when they're,
there was a 17 year old girls video that we all saw. Interesting. Yeah.
17 year old girl. And a lot of people had given her a hard time.
So why didn't you do something a cop, a 70 year old girl, girl,
man is killing another grown. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You want her to step in really?
Yeah. It's it is deep state. It's all one long game.
It's four D chess. What are your thoughts.
On what has transpired since.
That gives me hope. When I see 50,000 people walking through downtown LA all,
all peacefully protesting, that gives me hope.
There's a real chance for a real shift, a real shift,
but it's also,
here's the thing that bugs me all that money they came with to bail
out all these corporations from the Corona virus pandemic.
Why couldn't they have used that money already to bail out these inner cities?
Why couldn't they have find the money to,
they have all these cities that have this systemic crime and violence and racism
has been gone for forever, forever.
Places like Baltimore that are directly up as a result of racist
practices and selling houses. And they don't do anything to fix that.
They never, they never try to stop where the crime is coming from.
They never try to make the, those cities better.
They never try to add community centers and figure out a way to
yeah. To do something. Whether there's no nothing on the table,
it's just crime-ridden neighborhoods. Just how they are like forever.
Yeah. Crime doesn't matter until it affects the pockets.
Like if the crime is happening in a poor neighborhood and it's not affecting
somebody money, then nobody cares the second that crime second,
they started breaking windows on fifth avenue.
Now all of a sudden it's more analysis was filed about the Blasio just says,
stand down, let them do it. Yeah. I mean, let me burn themselves out.
We did this in, in the video, but it was really interesting. Cause we had to,
like,
I had to like really process how I felt about it because the looting obviously
was wrong and we did that clip on it,
but like the writing I understood and I think I can justify,
I was talking to this. I don't,
I won't say his name cause he's a college professor.
I don't want to get him in trouble for talking to us and helping us out.
You know, it distinguished gentlemen, where did these rough ends?
But he was like, he's like, you know,
really savvy with constitutional law and stuff. And he said,
this argument I thought was really interesting when it comes to riots,
not looting destruction of property is wrong and you're doing it to benefit
yourself when you loot, right. You're taking advantage of the tragedy.
The tragedy is a smoke screen so that you can benefit. Right. And um,
we made an interesting distinction, like any Instagram model.
That's also taking a picture like at the thing,
but not really actually doing anything.
It was like you're alluding to you're enriching yourself.
Check the ball. The guys drill, take a bachelor one that we did.
And it was like, that is that's that's losing.
Mill. You're enriching yourself off the tragedy. That's looting. So
peaceful protests, obviously great looting, wrong riding in the middle,
which is destruction of property, right? To like send this message.
And as mark and I were putting together the peace we're talking to this dude and
he made this interesting point. He goes as a citizen,
you have the right to life, Liberty pursuit of happiness, but also property.
Right?
And if the state is destroying the most valuable piece of property that you
have, which is your body, right?
You have to take some sort of recourse in order to protect that, right.
You've broken. They broke the social construct, the contract,
they broke it right? When they.
Maybe are shooting you or shooting your neighbors, et cetera, you.
Priestly protest. If that goes on deaf ears for decades,
what the else are you supposed to do?
Like what you can keep saying peacefully protest. But if it keeps on happening,
there really isn't anything else available to you.
So the next thing is destruction of property. I, I,
I think the best way to do it would probably be destroy public property,
not private property, but if you destroy public property,
you'd actually be taking the high road because that's a response to having life
destroyed. You destroy my life. I just up your park.
Who's reasonable here.
Well, if it was all coordinated and thought that way. Yes.
And I think what happened in Minnesota in particular,
what happened with the priests, the police precinct,
where they burnt that thing down to the ground. Like that was fascinating,
right? It's when it spreads across the country.
And then it just becomes two things. It becomes peaceful protests.
People mad at the cops and then looting. And the looting is different.
Unacceptable, unacceptable. What's crazy is along the way,
we get more evidence of police brutality instead of the
cop saying, Hey, this guy killed this guy. It makes us all look terrible.
We are not like that. We're better than that.
Most of them probably did do that. But a lot of them,
they fell back to their cop ways.
They fell back to their ways of smashing shields into people,
running over pedestrians,
all the crazy that we saw shooting a guy in the face with a tear gas canister.
You see that they pepper sprayed him.
And then they shot him with a flash bang right in the face. Really? Oh my God.
It's crazy. He stayed alive. He's getting,
I think Joe Schilling has that on his Instagram page. There's a,
my friend, Joe Schilling was a kickboxer has,
he's been saying for the last six, seven days,
it's not one bad apple. He goes, look at all these cops that are doing.
So he's putting video after video, after video, after video,
after video of cops grabbing a woman by the neck,
thrown into the ground slammed. But she's just, just what,
what are you saying to me? Why, why do I have to listen to you? He was like, it.
Get on the ground. Just grab her may macing.
People may see young girls may see people for no reason. Yeah.
This one guy was, was talking to the cops.
So the cops just walk right up to him, pepper spray him, drag him,
throw him to the ground. You're taking away his freedom of speech.
The guy's not committing a crime. You're violating the first amendment.
You're violating his constitutional.
Rights. Breaking the social club. My friend Joe has.
Video after video, after video of this. And I think one of them,
I don't know if he has that in there,
but one of them is this dude gets pepper sprayed in the face.
And then they flash bang, bang. I mean, it hits him right off the dome.
It's crazy. So many people got up. Yeah.
My, uh, my buddy is a, uh, the captain in the Marines. Right. And, uh,
or he was, and he was in Iraq and uh, he goes,
here's why I have no tolerance whatsoever for police brutality.
When we were in Iraq,
the mission changed and it went from going there and up.
That's how it is when you're trying to win a war to win minds and hearts.
And they explained to us while we're there, we're winning minds and hearts.
And that means you guys are gonna have to take on more risk.
That means you don't just kick in the door and then light it up.
You have to make sure that you're not taken out innocence.
At least try you are taking on more risks. You are risking your life.
So he goes, when I see police brutality, I'm like,
if we can afford that luxury to a country that we're at war with,
how the can we not afford that luxury, Toro and citizens. He goes,
if I'm told to take on more risk than maybe these cops have to take on
more risk and pay them for it, increased payment, increased training,
don't defund, right.
But increase and increase the requirements and really make them heroes.
But he said this. He was like, it seemed to me that the culture at,
of policing in America and I could be wrong. We are talking to cops about it,
but this is what he said.
It seems to me is that the idea is no cop ever gets left behind.
No cop ever goes down instead of protecting people at all costs. Right?
You know what I'm saying? I don't know. I mean, poke holes if you do,
if you can.
It makes sense. Well, I'm fully in agreement that they need better funding.
It needs to be a higher paying job. That's much more difficult to get.
But when you see cops throw that old man to the ground,
he bounces his head off the ground.
He see the blood come out of his head and no one does anything. Yep.
No one stops him. No one, no one picks the guy up. No one calls an ambulance,
no one checks on them that you can't do that. That's not serving.
That's not protecting you. Just a guy sets up that you didn't like.
So you threw him to the ground. You knew he was old and feeble. You.
Knew who he was.
And you did it with potentially a confidence of
knowing that nothing would happen to you. There wouldn't be any recourse.
And that's that's when people go like, uh, a bad apple ruins a bunch.
And it's like, no, it doesn't. You just remove the bad apple.
But if you can't remove the bad apple, right?
If there's systems in play that don't allow it, then it ruins the bunch.
So if there's one systemic change we make,
maybe it's people get prosecuted or cops will get prosecuted for violating
the law because I really would allow not allow. I'd really love.
If we had this relationship with the cost, we were like, you guys are brave,
man. Thank you. Like.
Because it is a dangerous job and thankless in a lot of ways, a lot of ways.
So it's like, why, how do we shift this? And how much risk do they have to take?
Or what change we make so that we can look at them and go,
thank God we got these guys around. Cause football could scary.
Systems. She said about your friend being in the Marines.
It's hard to get through bootcamp, man. Yeah. It's hard. It's right. There's a,
there's a, there's a long road that you have to travel to be a Navy seal. Right?
That's how it should be to be a cop man. It should be hard to make it.
And they should weed out the people that are and the people that are sociopaths,
the people that just would be willing to lean their shin on a man's net for
eight and a half minutes. Those people are sick.
You gotta to find those people before they get to the position where they could
do that.
To a person. How do you do that? How do you train?
You gotta train them. You gotta train, train them.
Like they are the type of people that potentially could kill somebody for the
wrong reason. You got to train them. Like you're weeding them out.
Like this is a great honor. And we, you know, we can ship that,
but we have to think about it in terms of allocation of resources,
cops don't get paid enough. Teachers don't get paid enough either though,
and they're not killing their kids.